manage connections (#3023)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections.md

- Check the documentation of the external tool you are connecting to and see if it offers guidance on how to authenticate.
- Refer to the source code of the hook that is being used by your operator.

:::tip

> If you use a mix of strategies for managing connections, it's important to understand that when Airflow searches for connections, it uses the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a mix of strategies for managing connections, it's important to understand that if the same connection is defined in multiple ways, Airflow uses the following order or precedence:
```
Small suggestion here - I think most Airflow users are less likely to think about it in terms of Airflow "searching for connections" and more in terms of "if I have something defined in two places, which one takes precedence". Also think it would be helpful to clarify that this is relevant only for the same connection, not in general (e.g. it's not as if you have a secrets backend, Airflow won't register anything set using an env var). Let me know if that makes sense.
